Add Promscale install using package cloud and refactor install layout (#1228)
timescale/docs: promscale/installation/binary.md

# Install Promscale from binary
You can install Promscale from a pre-complied binary on any operating systems. The
Promscale binary file is available at [GitHub releases page][gh-promscale-download].

Before you begin, you must have an already installed and working Prometheus or
OpenTelemetry collector environment.

## Install TimescaleDB and Promscale extension

> To use with Promscale you need TimescaleDB database, as well as the Promscale
> extension. The Promscale extension contains support functions to improve
> performance of Promscale.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use Promscale, you need a TimescaleDB database, as well as the Promscale
extension. The Promscale extension contains support functions to improve
performance of Promscale.
```

Using the same as in other other pages for consistency

# Install Promscale from source
You can install Promscale from source on any operating system. The Promscale
source files are available at [GitHub releases page][gh-promscale-download].

Before you begin, you must have an already installed and working Prometheus or
OpenTelemetry collector environment.

## Install TimescaleDB and Promscale extension
To use with Promscale you need TimescaleDB database, as well as the Promscale
extension. The Promscale extension contains support functions to improve
performance of Promscale.

<procedure>

> ### Compiling and Installing TimescaleDB

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Compiling and installing TimescaleDB
```

# Install Promscale from binary

> You can install Promscale from binary on any operating systems. The Promscale

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can install Promscale from a pre-compiled binary on any operating system. The Promscale
```

> binaries are available at [GitHub releases page][gh-promscale-download].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
binaries are available from the [GitHub releases page][gh-promscale-download].
```
